dev, v3.0, v3.1: add GC I/O limit (#1666)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/reference/garbage-collection/configuration.md

- Serial: requests are sent from TiDB Region by Region.
- Concurrent: requests are sent to each Region concurrently based on the number of threads specified in the `tikv_gc_concurrency`.
- Auto-concurrent: requests are sent to each Region concurrently with the number of TiKV nodes as concurrency value.
- Distributed: no need for TiDB to send requests to TiKV to trigger GC because each TiKV handles GC on its own.

## GC I/O limit

> Starting from v3.0.6, TiKV supports GC I/O limit. You can configure `gc.max-write-bytes-per-sec` to limit writes of a GC worker per second, and thus to reduce the impact on normal requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiKV supports GC I/O limit <span class="version-mark">New in v3.0.6</span>. You can configure `gc.max-write-bytes-per-sec` to limit writes of a GC worker per second, and thus to reduce the impact on normal requests.
```
